changed description of unitquantity (#195)
fiskaltrust/interface-doc: doc/appendix-de-kassensichv/data-structures/data-structures.md

| `ProductBarcode` | `string (50)` | mandatory if applicable | Use to send the Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) if the charge item represents an article. | 1.3 |
| `ProductGroup` | `string (50)` | mandatory if available | Name of the product group. | 1.3 |
| `Quantity` | `decimal (3)` | mandatory if available | Quantity | 1.3 |

> | `UnitQuantity` | `decimal (3)` | mandatory if available | Quantity of the service(s) of receipt entry, displayed in indicated units, e.g.  a big beer, Unit: "liter" UnitQuantity: 0.5 | 1.3 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `UnitQuantity` | `decimal (3)` | mandatory if available | Quantity of the product of a single receipt entry (ChargeItem), displayed in indicated units, e.g.  a big beer, Unit: "liter" UnitQuantity: 0.5 | 1.3 |
```
